We’re gonna read two stories today. One’s about eating, and one’s about petting.

And here’s my two muppets who are gonna help us tell the stories.  These muppets are from another place, so they don’t speak English that well. They can only say one or two words at a time, so we have to listen to them very closely.

And another thing - there’s two of them! One of them’s gonna do a really good job telling the story, and one’s just gonna do an ok job, all right? I want you to help me decide which one does a better job.

OK, our first story’s about eating.  And in this story, there’s a monkey, and there’s a duck, and there’s some bananas, and there’s some oranges. 

Oh, look, the monkey’s eating the banana!
And the monkey’s eating the oranges!
And the duck’s eating the bananas!
And the duck’s eating the oranges!



Ohh, look, now what do we have here? Now we have three things! Look, there’s a duck, some oranges, and a monkey (name them left to right every time.)

Do you want to find out what happens next?

MOMSECRET

Oh, see this flap here? Your mom doesn’t know what’s under there. You’ll get to see what’s under there in a sec, but your mom doesn’t know!  (If trying to look - “Oh, hold on, your mom’s not gonna know about what’s under there for a minute.”)

(Hold binder up so kid & muppets can see, but Mom can’t)

OK, you can flip the orange paper up and see what happens.  

KIDSECRET

Oh, see this flap here? You doesn’t know what’s under there, yah!. In a minute I’m gonna show your mom what’s there, but you don’t know yet!  (If trying to look - “Oh, hold on, you’re not gonna know what’s there for a minute.”)

(Hold binder up so Mom & muppets can see, but kid can’t)
 
OK, so they flip the orange paper up and see what happens.  This muppet looks under the paper (RH muppet), and so does this one (LH muppet.)  

EVERYONE

OK, are you ready? Let’s put the binder down like this (lay out so array is visible, but orange paper still hides event.)

This muppet over here in the polkadots (Right Side) says MONKEY EAT.  And this muppet over here in the stripes (Left Side) says EAT ORANGE. OK? So this one says MONKEY EAT, and this one says EAT ORANGE. So, which muppet did a better job telling YOU (Kidsecret)/MOM (Momsecret) the story?

Can you touch the muppet? (to get a nice big point.)

OK, let’s show you/your mom what happened! (NOTE: *NOT* “Good job!” or “That’s right!” or “Hm, I’m not sure….” or any other specific positive/negative feedback)

Yeah, look at that, the money’s eating the oranges! Cool, high five!

Now let’s read one more story….

(Repeat whole thing with Petting story: LH muppet talks first (GIRL PET) this time)